1. For the coding exercise, I chose to use python for its built-in dictionary data structure. I chose only to import the sys and csv libraries as the sys library is necessary to read the arguments from the command line, and the csv library to ease the process of reading in the transactions csv as a dictionary using a DictReader. To improve readability, I separated the program into 3 methods, read_csv, spend, and output. Each of these methods are responsible for a key part of the program; read_csv reads the data, spend reduces the points in the payer's balance, and output is responsible for outputting the remaining point balances of each of the payers. Another reason I chose to use python was for its ease of compiling and running from the command line.

2. My solution has advantages such as being easily adapted to save the edited transaction history to work for multiple spending occurrences. Another advantage of my solution is that it has the ability to detect if the number or the format of the arguments passed in the command line is wrong. A disadvantage of my solution is that in order to detect if the number of points isn't sufficient, extra memory is allocated to remember the points reduced in the original list for the purpose of restoring them at the end. Another disadvantage is that the original order of the transactions received is altered when read and sorted by the date on which the transaction is timestamped in order to use the oldest points first.

3. Throughout my past 2 years in college, I’ve had a variety of projects that I’ve enjoyed working on. However, my favorite project I worked on was my resume website. After seeing some examples posted online, and having an interest in learning some frontend technologies, I decided that the best opportunity to learn was to adapt my resume into a more creative representation that was hosted on the web. One challenge that I encountered while creating this website was having to learn a new framework, React.js, as I went. Yet through countless educational videos and consulting with peers, I was able to create a rough outline of what I wanted my resume site to be. After some careful editing and incorporation of backend technologies such as firebase, I had the final version of my resume site. Another challenge I had to overcome, was creating something that was pleasing to its viewers, while still retaining its original purpose, showcasing my skills as a computer science student. This project was meaningful to me as it was one of the first personal projects where what I was creating was hosted for everyone to see (plaartz.github.io). 
